[BORUTO] Damn it! I can't use
jutsu like this.
Sorry, it's all my fault.
Hey, Old Man! What's the
deal?!
Now that you've captured us...
just what are you gonna do
with us?
Why, nothing!
I just want to keep you out of
the way...
so you don't make trouble until
the plan's been completed...
that's all.
Yes... We don't like
troublesome brats.
Till we do something about those
Fabrications
or whatever they are...
we can't stop Old Man Ohnoki.
Ah, ha! You can see the
village now.
None of you will be harmed as
long as you behave and-
What is this?!
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
Wait, what's going on? It's
empty! There's nobody here!
Just what is the meaning of all
this, Kirara?
You'll have to ask Lord Ku
himself about it.
(CURIOUS)
(BOWING)
I welcome you home, my Master.
We ran into some small
obstacles...
but now the plan is going
smoothly.
Going smoothly, eh?
Yes. The production of
Akuta is proceeding faster...
than our original estimate.
And the problems that had arisen
have all been dealt with-
[OHNOKI] Then why is there no
one in the village?!
And why are there Akuta out
walking through the streets?!
Master...?
Tell me...
What the hell were you thinking
with all of this, Ku?!
The situation changed greatly
while you were gone, Master.
That's why we've now
taken control...
of the Hidden Stone Village.
[OHNOKI] Taken control?!
The Akuta Plan is a measure to
be used only in an emergency!
Why did you feel you needed to
take control of the village?
Because the transient lives
that we'd been given...
are just about to run out, sir.
Can't be!
The deterioration wasn't
supposed to occur this soon!
I've enacted countermeasures.
What?!
We've already secured several
humans...
whose hearts will soon
become ours.
Is he saying that he's gonna
transplant the hearts...
taken out of living people?
What?! No way!
I mean, if they do something
like that, then...
what would happen to the
human donors?
What is going on?
Wasn't the whole point of
creating you Fabrications...
...in the first place
to maintain a peaceful world?
All we need now is your final
approval, Master.
There's no way I would ever
allow such a thing!
This is just a necessary
sacrifice for the greater good!
You reached the same conclusion,
Master--
What are you saying? The whole
point of our plan...
has always been to prevent the
sacrifice of young lives!
What you're suggesting we try to
do is the exact opposite
of what my plan is all about!
But Master... in order to
continue with the plan,
the strength that we possess
is essential.
[KU] Not a minute can be wasted.
(SHOCKED) I'll think of another
solution.
Anyway, go release those in
custody immediately.
I'm sorry, but I cannot leave
you in command any longer.
Please, wait.
What is it now?
There was a time, Master, when
you explained to me...
...that we Fabrications were to
be your arms and your legs.
That to create the ideal
world...
we'll be the substitutes
who'll do the work.
So now, when those arms and
legs
are about to disintegrate...
...who will take our place
to fulfill your dream?
We have nothing more to talk
about!
Master, does this mean...
that you're telling us to die?
(CURIOUS)
(PUNCHED IN GUT)
Old Man!
(SHOCKED)
Lord Ohnoki! No!
(ANGRY GROWL)
Oh my, now he's done it...
Is this really alright, Lord Ku?
The Master's wish is supposed to
be our wish, as well.
The Master is temporarily not in
his right mind.
Nothing has changed.
We're back together with the
Master once again.
Begin preparations for the
transplants.
[KOKUYOU] What about them?
[KU] Do as you please.
Quit messing around!
You know too much.
Every hindrance, no matter how
small, must be eliminated.
Wonderful! Because I
just found something pretty!
(SCOFFING HARRUMPH)
I thought that...
the Old Man created you guys to
protect humans, didn't he?!
So why are you planning on
hurting them, then?!
It's not our place to
think about such things.
How can you say that?!
I'm certain that you guys must
have a will- and a heart, too!
A heart? No,... we
have no such thing.
And that's why we Fabrications
are far superior to you humans.
(FRUSTRATED)
(WORRIED)
Give up and die already!
(ATTACKING YELL)
[AKUTA] (FRIGHTENED YELL)
[SHIKADAI] Over here!
(SHOCKED)
[BORUTO] Shikadai!
(EXCITED)
The Akuta are guarding the
captive Hidden Stone Shinobi...
so they're shorthanded.
Let's get out of here while we
still can!
Well, it looks like...
I'm gonna get to pay you back
properly now.
So, you returned to look for
your final resting place?
I shall be glad to assist you!
Alright, it's about time we turn
the tables on this guy.
(SIGH) I guess the majority
has spoken.
Boruto and Sarada, you
get going and find Mitsuki.
He oughta be over in
their hideout.
Just don't be reckless,
Shikadai.
(CHUCKLE) Seriously, have I ever
done anything like that before?
(CONFUSED)
(DETERMINED)
[INOJIN] Stop!
He was on your side!
Very cute.
But they're completely useless
in a real battle.
(FRUSTRATED)
I'm gonna have to seal you away
right now.
(CHUCKLE)
(SHOCKED)
(ANGRY)
(DETERMINED)
[KIRARA] Oh, taking a little
stroll?
Damn, you took a shortcut, huh?
She's gonna use genjutsu on us!
I got it.
I just love pretty things!
And I think those eyeglasses
would look far better on me
than they ever would on you!
Shut up! Like I'd just
give 'em to you!
Ah... Then I have no choice but
to take them from you.
You see, all pretty things
belong to me.
Hold on...
is she collecting things so she
can seem to be more human?
(CONFUSED)
(SHOCKED)
[KIRARA] Let's play... dollies!
(GASP)
You really thought an aerial
attack would be effective?
(CONFIDENT CHUCKLE)
If you're in the air, then you
can't dodge!
(THROWING)
(SHOCKED)
(FRUSTRATED)
I thought so.
It seems that you cannot use
your jutsu in the darkness.
(SHOCKED)
Is this all you're capable of?
Shikadai!
You two possess jutsu unsuited
for close combat.
So, the true foe must be...
(ATTACKING YELL)
(SLAMMING INTO WALL)
(ATTENTION IS CAUGHT)
(WORRIED)
Are you guys okay?
Uh, I guess you could call it
"okay..."
[KOKUYOU] Too bad.
It seems that I overestimated
you.
(ANGRY)
After seeing your strength in
our previous battle...
I was looking forward to this.
But to think, this is all you
have to offer...
Huh?!
Damn it, what do we do?
We don't have anything to give
us an edge...
One of us'll just have to
take a risk...
[SHIKADAI] The knight will
become the gold general...
(TAKEN BACK)
Shikadai, are you gonna--?!
(ATTACKING)
(RUNNING)
Sacrificing yourself to save
your friends, eh?
There's no time. I have to end
this quickly.
(SHOCKED)
We're supposed to get
ready for the transplants now!
Oh, that's good to hear. I'll
prepare right away...
This is all thanks to the data
from your heart, Mitsuki.
This is the second time that
you've saved us.
It's nothing.
In humans, the heart pounds fast
even during happy times, right?
I wonder what that's
like. I can't wait to feel it!
Once I get a heart, I want you
to teach me all sorts of things!
Because we'll be able to
stay together for a long time!
Any news on contacting those
sent to another location?
(MENACING GROWLS)
(WORRIED CHATTER)
Damn it! We can't make a move
while they have hostages...
(HEAVY BREATHING)
Sacrificing oneself for the sake
of others...
You humans are creatures
beyond my understanding.
(CHUCKLE) I know an
idiot who insists...
that friends always help each
other...
...no matter how difficult the
situation.
Even though it's a drag!
(KICKED)
(HITTING THE GROUND)
Those relationships only serve
to weaken you!
(THROWING)
(WORRIED)
Can't think clearly now that
you're trapped?
Damn it!
Blame and curse your own
weakness!
(TAKEN BACK)
(STUNNED) What?!
[INOJIN] We got it to work
somehow!
Yeah, just as I expected.
You mean that you planned this
trap from the beginning?!
There's no way that any of us
can keep up with your speed.
But you since aren't able to use
any jutsu...
I figured you wouldn't use
long-distance attacks either.
(ANGRY)
If you can get close enough to
an enemy...
even a knight can be a gold
general.
(FRUSTRATED)
I can't keep this up... Cho-Cho!
Make sure you get it done!
I got this! Partial
Expansion Jutsu!
(PUNCHED)
When a lady's been insulted...
it's her duty to pay it back
double, am I right?
I'd say you did a lot more than
just double right now...
Watch out!
(SLAMMING INTO WALL)
(NOTICING)
(STRUGGLING) This was just a
transient life, after all, eh?
Well, then... I will gladly
offer myself up.
All right... show me just how
strong you are!
Damn it!
[KONOHAMARU] What is this?
An underground facility? What
are they planning here?
(ATTENTION IS CAUGHT)
(SENSING SOMETHING)
What, are you just going to
hide?
Cho-Cho, we just need
one more hit.
Can you punch him again?
Well, when you put it like that,
how can I say no?
But, wait...
my Super Beast Scroll isn't
gonna work on him anymore!
I know. But you still have
another jutsu you can use...
remember?
No way! And besides... it might
not even work on that guy...
Well, we don't have another
option.
It's all or nothing, you guys!
(ATTENTION IS CAUGHT)
[CHO-CHO] (THROWING)
(THROWING)
The same trick again? At such a
crucial moment?
Useless!
(CONFIDENT CHUCKLE)
(SHOCKED)
I totally can't believe it
worked!
Nice. The Yamanaka Clan's Secret
Ninjutsu, Mind Transfer Jutsu...
It does leave my real body
completely defenseless, though.
(FALLS BACK)
Can you hurry?
I can't keep this up
for long!
[CHO-CHO] I'm on it!
I'm totally gonna beat him up!
Human Boulder!
(GASP)
(DETERMINED YELL)
(SHOCKED)
(STIRRING AWAKE)
[SHIKADAI] Not good! (leaping)
(SLAMMING)
Cho-Cho!
To think you still had a trick
like this up your sleeve!
Aw, man! Guess it's not over
yet.
I won't let you use that again!
(ATTACKING YELL)
Oh, no!
(STRUGGLING)
(CONFUSED) What? Let
go!
(GASP)
(STRUGGLING)
It's now or never, Cho-Cho!
Yeah, I know!
You're in my way! Get lost!
Akkun!
(SURPRISED)
Roll, roll, roll, roll, roll,
roll, roll, roll, roll!
(SLAMMED)
Looks like this match
is really over this time.
You humans...
are supposed to be weaklings
that need us to protect you...
How can you fight in a way that
exposes yourself to danger?
You're really strong.
Honestly, stronger than us.
We have to compensate by
using another kind of strength
to make up for the difference.
Another kind of strength?
That's right. The strength of
the heart.
It's because...
we're able to put our lives into
the hands of our friends...
friends that we trust in with
all of our heart.
Friends you trust with all of
your heart?
I do not possess a
heart to begin with!
The Mind Transfer Jutsu takes
over one's heart.
And since that jutsu worked on
you...
it proves that you
actually do have one.
(STUNNED) I see...
[INOJIN] Why'd you come here?
I mean, you...
you should've known you'd just
end up being a burden!
(WEAK COOING)
Huh?
(LOVING COOS)
Stop copying me. What do
you think you're doing, dummy?
(WEAK COOING)
[INOJIN] Hey... come on... you-!
Stop it! Seriously! Come on!
You keep moving...
and you're only gonna make your
injuries worse!
Ino... jin...
(STUNNED)
Inojin...
[INOJIN] What an idiot, huh?
Coming all the way here...
...just when things are
at their most dangerous...
(FORCED CHUCKLING) He
wasn't even human,...
...but I guess he thought that
we were friends or something!
I mean... good riddance
to that clay doll, right?
Hey, wait! How dare you--!
He was...
...such a big idiot. (SOBS)
(SOBBING)
What's happening?
I can't move at all now.
The two of you...
have become such pretty dolls!
We are gonna have a great time
playing together.
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[KIRARA] Listen, don't get
overconfident...
just because you took down
Kakou.
I'm not a weakling like him.
[BORUTO] Damn it! I can't move!
[SARADA] Just what do you want,
anyway?
[KIRARA] What I really want...
is a human itself! But you two
aren't beautiful at all.
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"A Piercing Heart"
[KIRARA] Let's play dollies!
How about you two fight 'till
the very end?